docs: add suppress docs (#5961)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/concepts/queries/push.md

Example push query
==================

> Specify a push query by using the EMIT clause in a SELECT statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a push query by using an EMIT refinement clause in a SELECT statement.

```
